welcome to the hundredth anniversary of
Jellystone
marriage had an unusual brown bear brown
bear when the talks those are so rare
none that I can think of
I smell Divya J I think he's trying to
steal your lunch box I'm okay
Turner boo boo kicking it
we got a bear disturbance all units lock
down the park
repeat lock down the park don't you know
I'm gonna other Ranger here right yeah
bears are supposed to avoid people not
run around stealing their food boo boo
and I would never think of disturbing a
family's picnic ah I wonder if he
noticed the pie you do come up with some
good plans yogi here we go that's
because I'm smarter than the average
bear I'm so smart at hurt Yogi Bear in
3d
this isn't gonna make me look fat is it